Y
the nintendo plumber arrives
again to wii but this time with a
delivery of platforms in 3-d and with
incentive to be the first title of
this guy in incorporate multiplayer we
will have given nintendo cat for hare
this time mario luigi told and pitch
they travel to the kingdom of the fairies to
protect it from the evil boxer this
it means that we can choose and change
of character between levels between these
four figures of nintendo as in super
Mario Bros 2 Mario is the most balanced
touch the fastest and the one that least jumps
luigi jumps more but has skid and
pitch will be able to float in the air
seconds during the game we will discover
the benefits of each one had two
most favorable situations or secrets
for each of them and being pitch
generally the one that facilitates the most
things in addition a fifth is expected
very special secret character
this variety of characters is not casual
since it has been used to move
the multiplayer fun of the saga new
for the first time to a 3d game of mario
it is not focused as a cooperative and
again they do not bring online modality
although it can help to complete 100%
of the game before 4 players is crazy
and do not enjoy both levels
alone, the normal thing is to raise some
type of competition between players
to have more fun and as always
Many types of controls are available
so that each one plays with his command
favorite also in solo mode you can
enjoy the optimal mode
the other great novelty of this mario is the
new cat power with the we can upload
by the walls hitting enemies
perform a choppy attack or get
easily the golden pennant when climbing
for him
its advantages are many and it is the object
more present in the game so what
we will search frequently to complete
at 100% levels another new power is
the cherry that will have the effect of cloning
the character will need several
clones to get some goals
so we will have to overcome phases
of skill where to keep the
most of them we also find a
good variety of powers like that of
danok and brother boomerang flower of fire
and various blocks for the head with
various effects
the types of levels are inspired by
super mario 3d land in three dimensions
but designed to travel in a
direction uniting the best of the two and
the three dimensions but the types of
situations have been greatly expanded to
typical underwater racing levels
mounted on a dinosaur or house
ghost there are time trial phases of the
automatic raw horizontally or
vertical totally open scenarios
phases inspired by super mario galaxy and
others that are resolved in very
originals never seen and of course
final heads are the typical coupage
but also big enemies the style
Super Mario Galaxy also has a lot
what to say the new pipes
transparent by which they can pass
both enemies and fireballs
there are also two types of levels very
originals and who have earned their
own fans in one of them we handle
to the squad leader
where only with his movement should
collect all the objects raffling everything
type of traps we will see a game of this
type and line shop and finally the houses
Mysteries consecutive challenges of 10
seconds that must be completed from
just one time
the game has a progressive difficulty
the first worlds are simple but
towards the end the thing gets complicated and
satisfies the player more besides after
of the eight main worlds begins
the real challenge with many more
screens to overcome and a final level that
it will make you sweat as nice but for that
we must go collecting all the secrets
of the phases some of them very well
hidden needing some character or
specific power to get them to
three green stars to find
adds the fourth object that is a seal
which is used to post messages in
my bears and let's not forget to reach
the top of the pennant to get the
100% on some levels have been placed
very maliciously
the graphics will remember in design to
super mario 3d land but with the
definition and fluidity of super mario
galaxy 2 is hard to find flaws
in the game and it looks great but
we expected a bigger jump
in addition the settings of the levels
They are recycled from the two mentioned
games so there are not too many
surprises in this aspect the band
sound in changes yes it has surprised us
the best themes of 3d land and
the galaxy saga some retouched from
very successful way and they have been added
new compositions that we can
catalog of bright with this mario
You can make some of the best
playlists of the franchise
as for my vers we are before the
game that best integrates it on the map
of the world and at the end of each screen
We can see comments related to
those who do it directly or go to
my bears and commenting on them we can also
activate ghosts of three users in
all levels at the same time that the
we play
super mario 3d world has convinced us
but not for its multiplayer but for the
constant innovation at its levels that
does not let you release the command for a second
not only is it addictive and surprising
that the new powers and characters have
completely renewed the mechanics and their
duration difficulty for all
tastes and the challenge of achieving 100%
put the icing on the plumber in three of
almost never fails and has had to arrive
to wii to leave the first great jewel
of the catalog that will convince all
public